Acceleration Round(summary):
1. Visual Studio:- Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft.
  It is used to develop computer programs, as well as websites, web apps, web services and mobile apps.
2.  Some Visual Studio ShortCut :-
     Ctrl+F5:- F5 is used to start your project in debug mode and Ctrl-F5 is used to start your project without debug mode.
     Ctrl+Shift+A :- Ctrl+Shift+A is used to add new item to your project.
     Ctrl+K+C is used to do comment a selected block of code.
3. Breakpoint:- Breakpoints are one of the most important debugging techniques in your developer's toolbox.
 You set breakpoints wherever you want to pause debugger execution.
4.NuGet:- A NuGet package contains reusable code that other developers have made available to you for use in your projects. You can install a NuGet package in a Microsoft Visual Studio project by using the NuGet Package Manager, 
     the Package Manager Console, or the .NET CLI.
5.About (dot).NET framework and .NET core..
    -> .NET Framework:- .NET is a framework that provides a programming guidelines that can be used to develop a wide range of applications–––from web to mobile to Windows-based applications.
                          The.NET framework can work with several programming languages such as C#, VB.NET, C++ and F#..
    -> >NET Core:- .NET Core is a new version of .NET Framework, which is a free, open-source, general-purpose development platform maintained by Microsoft.
                    It is a cross-platform framework that runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux operating systems.
                   .NET Core Framework can be used to build different types of applications such as mobile, desktop, web, cloud, IoT, machine learning, microservices, game, etc.
6.Difference between .NET framework and .NET core:- NET Framework to create Windows desktop and server-based applications. 
                                 This includes ASP.NET web applications. On the other hand, .NET Core is used to create server applications that run on Windows, Linux and Mac.
7. Difference between Debug and Release:-
              -> Debug Mode:-  The debug mode code is not optimized..
                               In Debug mode the application is mainly meant for debuging for saying error..
                               
              -> Release Mode: When we are going to production mode or deploying the application to the server. 
                               The release mode code is optimized.
       